Prof. Lander keeps lectures engaging and fun. His passion for economics shines through, making the material easy to grasp. The exams are tricky but fair - just be sure to review the labs. For added study help, I found Unstuck AI a great complement to the textbook.

This is the worst class I had at McGill. All cookie-cutter Pearson etext schlock that has no place at a prestigious university where Americans like me pay a lot of tuition. I could have learned from a Pearson etext at home during bathroom breaks. Classes DO NOT PREPARE YOU FOR EXAMS. Luckily this course was offset by a couple of really goods ones. 

Super interesting and funny. Very conservative when it comes to economic policies, likes to debate students about minimum wage and stuff like that. I disagree with him about politics but absolutely loved his course. He's very good at explaining basic economics concepts, and he makes it very clear what you must study and know for the test.

Honestly, most reviews about Moshe are pretty harsh but if you actually put in the work (do the MyLabs, read the textbook and show up to lectures) he really does set you up for success in the course. The exams are really straight-forward and not meant to trick you, so tbh as long as you study and pay attention an A is easily obtainable. 

Well, his lectures are fine, at least average, but if you want to get an A you need to read the textbooks. Really not that bad.

Moshe isn't a bad professor, he is quite funny and his class can be interesting HOWEVER, DO NOT TAKE Econ227 if you aren't very good at MATHS. It is an elective class for eng so the math level is quite high and 60-70% of the exams are about maths!! 

lander is really engaging and funny, and his jokes definitely help you remember the concepts and content. midterms and final were all mc, and were very fair. as long as you read the chapters and went to lecture, the labs were quite doable as well. 

Lander is a great lecturer, makes jokes, etc The only problem though is that what he teaches during his lectures will not be covered in the exams. Questions are 100% based on Pearson's book. During the exams (especially the final), some MCQs were not even based on material covered in the textbook. Some were just advanced economic general knowledge.

Never know what the course has to do with the exam, just keep repeating the questions we took from the midterm and 1 and 2 won't be on the final. The class is just reading from the textbook and power point, with a few particularly simple examples on the board. The exam is extremely difficult, never know how to solve the question during the exam.

Great prof, fair midterms and finals, great lectures that are somewhat entertaining. can answer your questions very quickly over email and always there to answer any and all questions that you may have. great way to get through stats 

Worst class ever in McGill. It is absolutely impossible to learn anything in this class.

He's a nice guy, not a bad lecturer but his teaching methods are bad. His lectures rely only on the Pearson book and don't even cover everything in the book. His exams are MCQ and are supposedly similar to "MyLabs", but far from it, his syllabus states memorization is never rewarded, but in reality its practically all you need to do good on exams.

WHAT A LEGEND OF A MAN

mf gave us way less time in the midterm than the other section and doesnt even want to apologize..

Worse econ professor I've had at McGill. The classes don't teach you how to answer the labs and exams, everything is multiple-choice. Even if you work hard you are absolutely not guaranteed to see the results. Gives 0 practice exams, or exercises. Avoid at all cost. 

Lander is a pretty good prof in a sense he knows thoroughly what he's teaching and explains well. His ironic character makes lectures more interesting. Just make sure that you understand the content and know how to re-do the labs and you'll do fairly good in the exams.

Really liked his class, if you do the homework and show to the lectures you will get a good grade. 
Idk how he does that but he managed to make stats interesting. Would recommand, would take again. 

People either love or hate proffesor Lander, and he deserves both. Lectures were unforgetable, and he made the content very easy to learn. That said, he is a bit of a pill outside of class. Do not switch out of this class if you have him for 208, class average was about 20% higher than the other proffs.

Amazing engaging lectures. Too bad his tests were based on things NEVER covered in class. All the textbook material is conceptual. Yet the tests were all calculation-based. Math is easy but we were not taught what to calculate. No practice questions. Textbook had a dozen Qs (not in the style of exam Qs) for which he refused to provide solutions.

Went into this course knowing nothing about econ and expecting to just barely pass. Despite not using slides, his lectures are extremely engaging; he's really funny and enthusiastic so it's hard to zone out. Exam questions were very fair and didn't ask anything unpredictable. He provides everything you need to do well in this class.

